hi guys um it's me Jerri my hair looks
crazy but you already know how my hair
usually looks so you shouldn't be making
a fit over it okay so um alright anyways
I want to just show you my vampire eyes
and teeth I think they're pretty much
done I praise you how by moonlight I
love you thank you um I so love myself
cuz I did my my spell I didn't hell by
moonlight spell um I got all this side
effects for Hell by moonlight howl by
moonlight and I think that helped me
with my spell so thank you okay
first I'm gonna show you my team I don't
think they're really that sharp but they
feel really sharp here look at my molars
if you see any silver stuff in there
like I said it's cavities but now my
teeth are shiny and white okay I'm gonna
show you my eyes now they're really red
there's my left one there's my right one
my eyes used to be really brown like you
can almost never see my peoples but now
they're like blazing red like a really
dark red and thank you okay
I also wanted to share some of your
spells with you so one second
what I'm back and I can run so much more
faster - the spell book
okay I think did I show you the hair
color changing stuff yeah I think oh no
I didn't my webcam wasn't recording okay
so what you will need is the camera
color the color you want your hair to be
and simple your hair no trim this one
time hair color hair color comes to me
very fast like 1 2 3 brown to red is
what I see for example sure color hair
color come to me then you will say so
I'm gonna be then burn the hair and they
call it a candle plane to blow out the
candles this is a hair color shading
spell okay this bill will give you a
fairy friend like um chart display like
you'll have a fair follow you around and
be your friend okay what you will need
can handle a color of your choice I made
all of these like the candle and say
fairy commissary see you come and see
the light side of me I am not bad I do
no harm come on fairy be a charm
meditate and think of your perfect
boyfriend
this spell usually takes a week to
happen here are the colors of which
indicates the time fare you want red
equals fire fairy black equals dark
fairy dark blue candle equals night
fairy blue equals water fairy green
equals garden fairy
yo equals light fairy pink equals love
fairy this bowl will give you the
perfect fairy fun literation okay me my
friend Sabrina made up this one
I can design you what you will need a
candle telling you about the animal's
habitat picture the animal canvas five
times shape-shift one and shape-shift
off with the sum of my fingers and the
skin all my bones turn it and make it
unhuman for it wish to be a blank but
able to shift back one two three here I
go one two the same time to show and
then in the fifth champs a so mote it be
then blow up the cameras this bill takes
some time to work so be patient this
film makes you shape-shift into an
animal
I dunno copyright told my spell no no I
dunno copyright don't only take a do
make mine okay
I tape it okay and tip it over paint and
I tape it together to make it book but I
made a spell book which I did and I put
some smells in it made my own spell book
so you can copy if you want to that's my
profession my profession more I brush
and want you to copy please try my
spells comment below and see if they
work I have not done a majority in these
fellows everything to a vampire one and
the love spell see ya bye